ProFlex v5.0 incorporates all the functionality of ProFlex v4.0 with
some additional features, bug fixes, improved user-interfaces, and
more detailed output. 

Features added/modified:
------------------------
The new version is more robust in that it can handle input PDB files
with missing 'H' atoms on residues and waters, 'ANISOU'tropic records, 
duetirium and heavy water instead of hydrogen and water, and alternate 
positions and multiple chains.

The process of screening bonds out of the bond network is more 
streamlined and intutively presented to the user as opposed to the
older version wherein all the various filtering options are presented
as a single list of overlapping or ambiguous choices of filters. 
Further, the distance and angular constraints imposed
on the H-bonds earlier were inaccurate and incomplete, for example,
only theta angle was checked for conformity and the allowed value was
theta > 80 which has been corrected to 110. 

An added capability lets a user set more stringent stereochemical 
constraints on H-bonds to be kept for flexibility analysis.

HBdilution plot generation code has been revamped. Previously, both
portrait and landscape layout were supported. Now, the portrait output
is discontinued. Old hbdilute generated buggy plots as it did not consider
inserted and missing residues. In the current output, both of these are
handled correctly and are displayed pretty accurately in both single and
multipage outputs. Further, multiple chain proteins were wrongly handled
in the previous version. This has been fixed too with each chain's starting
and ending boundaries displayed correctly. Also, the legends on the plot
have been revamped to aid the user understand and interpret the plot better.

Bug fixes:
----------
1) flex_index.cpp is a utility to map stability indices output by
   ProFlex on to a b-value equivalent range of values to allow
   visualization of protein in a color-coded scheme to reflect
   the relative flexibility of protein bond network fragments.

   We identified that the previous version of this program was 
   mapping the stability indices in a reverse order and rectified it.
   We also created a new color-coded spectrum that is necessary
   for visualization. 

2) We fixed errors caused by out-of-bounds array access due to 
   absense of representative constant variables namely, MAXATOMS, 
   MAX_CLUSTER_COUNT, FILE_LIST_SIZE.


Changed user-interface and output:
----------------------------------
Refer to the "ReleaseNotes" document for a detailed description of
the changes made to v4.0 to generate v5.0.
